Testing existing websites or apps.
So let's imagine now
you've built your new app,
you've launched it, it's all working,
the world has seen it, it's rolled out.
You're not done.
And this is the biggest
mistake people make.
The best testing is once you've gone live,
nothing,
no amount of usability testing
before you go live will
replicate the real experience
of people using a real website.
It's always gonna be artificial.
It's always not gonna be as good.
The best opportunity to
improve an application or
a website is once that
website has gone live.
Unfortunately, that's often
where all the money and
time disappears because everybody moves on
to the next feature, or the next project,
or the next whatsoever,
which is very frustrating.
But there is a real opportunity here, so
it's worth talking about
just to wrap things up.
So why?
Why, post-launch testing and
iteration are crucial to success?
Well, there's a couple of reasons.
One is that, that's only when you see
real natural behavior at scale, right?
So once a digital service goes live,
we can observe user behavior
completely natural without
them worrying about being watched or
whatever.
We can watch sessions back for
all users at an unprecedented level.
You can compare that to usability testing
where people know that they're being
watched, you can only test a handful of
people, then suddenly you have the option
to watch sessions of every single user
on your site if you had the time.
That is incredibly powerful.
And the second is that
it delivers results.
Post-launch optimization
consistently delivers a dramatically
improved conversion, right?
I once worked on a website for five years.
We didn't redesign it once
over that five years,
doing a redesign where you throw
everything out and start again.
And we increased their conversion
rate a hundredfold, a hundredfold.
And it was a high base to begin with,
right?
And that's through
post-launch optimization.
Post-launch optimization helps
every kind of website, but
particularly it helps those that are
e-commerce focused or conversion focused.
But it can improve everything.
It can improve web apps a lot.
So what's the process that we
typically do, it's this, right?
It's basically a version of Agile and the
Agile kind of loop that you go through.
So you start by identifying
your top problems, right?
Why are things going wrong on the website?
What are the issues?
Once you've identified those, you diagnose
the problems with that particular page,
where the problem is occurring.
You propose one or more solutions to
solving that particular problem, and
then you test those solutions.
And finally, launch the best
option out of those solutions.
And then you go back to the beginning
of the list and start again, right?
Simple as that.
That is it.
That's what you're doing,
infinitum forever, right?
So, let's work through that process and
break down what you do
at each of those stages.